New module: CSS round display (#40618)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_round_display/index.md

---
title: CSS round display
slug: Web/CSS/CSS_round_display
page-type: css-module
spec-urls: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-round-display/
sidebar: cssref
---

> The **CSS round display** module defines CSS extensions to support a round display help developers build a pages suitable for rounds displays, such as wrist-watches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **CSS round display** module defines CSS extensions to support a round display, such as wrist-watches, to help developers build web pages suitable for those devices.
```

## Reference

### Properties

The CSS round display module introduces the `border-boundary` and `shape-inside` properties. Currently, no browsers support these features.

### Descriptors

- {{cssxref("@media/shape", "shape")}} ({{cssxref("@media")}} feature)

## Guides

- [Using media queries](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_media_queries/Using_media_queries)
  - : Introduces media queries, their syntax, and the operators and media features used to construct media query expressions.

- [Overview of CSS Shapes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_shapes/Overview_of_shapes)

>   - : Defining basic shapes and debugging basic shapes with developer tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Defines basic shapes and how to debug them with developer tools.
```
